.TH ddns-updater 1 "December 2014" "" "DDNS Updater"

.SH NAME
\fBddns-updater\fP - DDNS client to register your dynamic IP address

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.fam C
\fBddns-updater\fP [\fB--config\fR, \fB-c\fR NAME | \fB--profile\fR, \fB-p\fR NAME | \fB--version\fR, \fB-v\fR | \fB--help\fR, \fB-h\fR]
.fam T
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBddns-updater\fR is a Python written light-weight Dynamic DNS (DDNS) client to register your IP address on a DNS server using the DynDNS v2.0 protocol. The connection to the DNS server is encrypted using HTTPS. \fBddns-updater\fR gets the actual (external) IP address by a specific web server e.g. checkip.dyndns.com.  An e-mail notfication can be enabled to notify errors and successful DDNS updates. The connection to the configured mail server is encrypted using TLS. \fBddns-updater\fR has to be configured by editing the /etc/ddns-updater/ddns.conf file.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B
\fB--config\fR, \fB-c\fR NAME
Loads another configuration file.

.TP
.B
\fB--profile\fR, \fB-p\fR NAME
Loads another profile (section) inside the configuration file.

.TP
.B
\fB--version\fR, \fB-v\fR
Prints version and exits.

.TP
.B
\fB--help\fR, \fB-h\fR
Show summary of options.
.PP

.SH EXAMPLE
If you using an own web server you can use a simple PHP script to retrieve your external IP address. An example can be found in "/usr/share/doc/ddns-updater/examples/checkip.php".

.SH FILES
/etc/ddns-updater/ddns.conf
.br
/etc/cron.d/ddns-updater

.SH AUTHORS
Philipp Meisberger <team@pm-codeworks.de> 

Please send bug reports to the authors mail address and visit http://www.pm-codeworks.de for more interesting projects.
